Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today I’m going
to explain an American family/comedy film
called “The Parent Trap.” Spoilers
ahead! Watch out and take care!
The movie begins with children arriving at Camp
Walden for an 8 week long all-girls summer camp.
The girls seem overjoyed to
be camping next to Moose Lake.
Hallie Parker is an 11-year-old girl from
Northern California. Hallie’s father,
Nick Parker, owns a huge vineyard. Hallie
quickly befriends two girls at the camp.
Meanwhile, Annie is an 11-year-old girl from
London. Annie’s mother Elizabeth James is a famous
wedding gown designer. Annie’s family butler,
Martin, drops her at the camp. They share an
intricate handshake before parting ways. Although
Hallie and Annie have contrasting characters,
they both look identical. Annie is prim
and proper, while Hallie is more carefree.
At the camp, the two girls go head to head
in a fencing match, unaware of their uncanny
identicalness. Both the girls are extremely gifted
at fencing and give each other a good competition.
In the end, Annie triumphs and inadvertently
pushes Hallie into the water with her last
move. Annie quickly apologizes and offers her hand
to Hallie. However, Haley takes her hand and pulls
Annie into the water with her. When the two girls
take their fencing masks off, they are awestruck
to learn that they look identical. Hallie quickly
snaps out of it and insults Annie. The two
girls have a go mouth off and almost get physical
when the camp counselor breaks them up.
Later the two little girls again butt heads over
a game of poker. Hallie proposes a punishment
that whoever loses the game will have to jump in
the Moose Lake naked. Annie confidently accepts
the challenge but Hallie beats her with a royal
flush. Annie is then forced to jump in the lake,
after which Hallie and her friends steal Annie’s
clothes and run away. When Annie learns that
Hallie tricked her, she vows to take revenge.
The comical hostility between the two girls leads
to a prank war that ends when the camp counselors
fall into one of Hallie's traps and isolate the
twins from the other girls. The two girls are
told to pack their bags and sent to live together
in the isolation cabin as punishment. The two
girls continue to clash with each other. However,
they soon become close after Annie helps Hallie
close the jammed window. They tell each other
about their homes and families. Annie hasn't
had a dad in her life since her dad and mother
got divorced when she was little. While Hallie
doesn’t have a mother and she lives with her dad.
After learning that the two also share the same
birthday, Annie starts suspecting that all of
this can’t be mere coincidences. Annie and Hallie
then show each other the only pictures of their
father and mother they have respectively. It turns
out each has half of a torn wedding photograph
of their parents. They realize Annie and Hallie
are actual twin sisters. They are elated by the
discovery. They tape their parents' half-torn
picture back together and spend hours together,
learning about their mother and father.
As the end of the summer camp approaches, they
long to know more about their parents, so Hallie
then proposes an idea. She suggests they switch
places and go back home as one another. Annie
tells her that they will immediately get caught,
but Hallie insists that they will be able to pull
it off as they both look identical and they can
learn how to imitate each other. Moreover,
even if they get caught sooner or later,
their parents will have to meet face to face
because of it. The two girls then spend their
remaining time at the camp learning and practicing
each other's mannerisms. They learn about each
other's house's blueprint. Hallie learns Annie's
intricate handshake. While Annie cuts hair and
gets her ears pierced with a hot needle.
The summer camp comes to an end and the twins
put their plan into action. Hallie goes back to
London as Annie. She perfectly impersonates Annie,
effortlessly imitating Annie's handshake and
mannerisms so much, so that Annie's butler
Martin is not able to tell the difference.
Meanwhile, Hallie is elated to meet her mother and
maternal grandfather, Charles, for the first time.
She hugs them tightly which surprises Elizabeth.
She tags along with Elizabeth to her work to spend
more time with her. At an opportune time, Hallie
broaches the topic of her father Nick. She asks
Elizabeth if she remembers him and how they met.
Elizabeth is surprised by the sudden curiosity but
tells Hallie about Nick. She says that Nick was a
lovely guy and they met aboard the Queen Elizabeth
2(QE2), an ocean Liner that sails from London to
New York. They were traveling on a ship because
both Nick and Elizabeth weren’t keen on flying.
They were seated next to each other for
dinner on the first night of their voyage.
Meanwhile, Annie pretends to be Hallie and goes
to California. She’s overjoyed to meet her father.
The little girl can’t believe that she’s talking
to her father. She even keeps calling him ‘dad’
in every other sentence due to excitement. Annie
is greeted at home by Hallie’s lovely nanny Chessy
and dog Sammy. Chessy isn’t able to tell the
difference between Annie and Hallie, but Sammy
seems to have caught up to Annie’s charade and
keeps barking at her. Annie’s excitement soon
subsides when she comes to know about Nick’s new
young fiance, Meredith Blake. Nick and Meredith
seem very into each other. However, Chessy
speculates that Meredith is only after Nick’s
money. Annie herself grows to dislike Meredith
after getting a feel of her selfish ways.
The next day, Nick finally asks Annie how
she would feel if Meredith becomes a part
of their family. Feigning her Ignorance,
Annie responds that she would love it.
She adds that she always wanted a big sister
and now Nick is about to adopt Meredith.
Burn! But Nick quickly corrects her and reveals
that he is actually going to marry Meredith.
Left with no choice and forced to acknowledge,
Annie responds negatively and screams in French;
a language Hallie doesn’t know. Nick is surprised
by her behavior but Meredith assures him that it
is normal and expected of a child whose father is
getting remarried. Meredith then goes to talk to
Annie. She pretends to empathize with Annie, but
Annie sees through Meredith’s charade and cuts
her short. Annie acknowledges that Meredith is
young, beautiful, sexy and perhaps that’s what
attracts her dad, after all he’s only human but
she adds marriage should be more than just sex.
Seeing her charm offensive strategy terribly
fail on Annie, Meredith drops her pretense.
She candidly tells Annie that Nick and her are
getting married in two weeks whether Annie likes
it or not and she needs to get over it.
Distressed by Meredith's deviousness, Annie
telephones Hallie. Annie tells her twin sister
about their father’s impending wedding. Annie
persuades her to bring Elizabeth to California
to break up the engagement. However, Charles
catches Hallie on the phone. Charles forces her
to come clean to her mother immediately. Hallie
is scared but she tells Elizabeth everything. She
apologizes to Elizabeth for deceiving her. But
instead of scolding the little girl, Elizabeth
gets emotional and embraces her daughter.
Meanwhile, in California, Chessy too figures
out that it's Annie and not Hallie there. Soon,
everyone finds out about it except for Nick and
Meredith, who remain unaware of the switch.
Hallie convinces Elizabeth to fly to California to
meet Nick and fix their relationship but she keeps
Elizabeth in the dark about Nick’s engagement
and tells her that Nick is eager to meet her.
Even after all these years, Elizabeth
still seems to be in love with Nick.
Nervous about meeting him, Elizabeth asks Martin
to accompany Hallie and her as a friend.
To bring Nick and Elizabeth together, Hallie,
Annie, Chessy, Martin, and Charles conspire to
have them meet at a hotel in San Francisco.
Nick is scheduled to meet Meredith’s parents
at the same hotel. Elizabeth runs into Nick,
boo’d up with Meredith, at the hotel elevator.
She gets suspicious and confronts her twin
daughters. The two girls come clean and reveal
that Nick is engaged and getting married in two
weeks. Annie tells her mom that she can’t let
it happen but Elizabeth, hurt, responds that
Nick and her have nothing in common anymore.
She then continues by saying that Nick seems to
be happy with his fiance. Putting her foot down,
Elizabeth adds that she will do what she came to
do and will fly back to London with Annie.
However, Nick is elated to have run
into Elizabeth after so many years.
He looks for her throughout the hotel. When he
finally notices her, he accidentally falls in
the pool in excitement. Just as Nick breaks
the ice between Elizabeth and him, Annie and
Hallie arrive. They come clean about the switch.
Although a bit taken aback by the revelation,
Nick gets overjoyed and emotional to
see his other daughter after 11 years.
Meredith too soon catches up with
the development to her dismay.
Later that evening, the two girls give their
parents a surprise. It is a candlelit dinner,
served by Chessy and Martin, on a yacht decorated
to recreate their first meeting aboard the Queen
Elizabeth 2. Nick and Elizabeth reminisce about
their past time spent together, both good and bad.
It is revealed that Elizabeth left Nick after they
had a huge argument. They were then both young,
stupid, and had bad tempers. They said hurtful
things to each other. Elizabeth expresses slight
sadness over Nick not following her after
she left. Nick responds that he was not sure
if Elizabeth wanted him to. They finally make
plans for the girls to spend holidays together
but decide against resuming their relationship.
Dismayed but determined, Hallie and Annie vow not
to leave each other. The two girls hatch a plan.
The next day, they wear similar dresses to confuse
their parents and refuse to reveal which twin is
which as Elizabeth gets ready to leave for London.
The twin girls put forth a condition where the
4 of them would have to go on a camping trip,
only after which they will reveal their identity.
Initially reluctant, Nick and Elizabeth finally
agree to take them on the camping trip, the annual
outing Nick and Hallie take before school starts.
As expected, Meredith isn’t happy with the trip
and insists on tagging along. Despite Nick being
hesitant, Elizabeth invites Meredith to the
camping with Nick and the girls, while she
stays behind at the Parker residence.
The 4 then take off and start hiking.
Meredith isn’t used to the altitude and soon
gets tired. The girls take advantage of that
and play various tricks on Meredith. When she
stops to take a rest, They put heavy stones in
her backpack and scare her with a lizard.
Meredith has a hard time carrying her bags
and the two girls offer to help her. Meredith
rudely declines and says that she sees through
the two girls' angelic faces. She threatens
to make their lives miserable after she gets
married to their dad if they play one more trick
on her, but the girls continue to prank her.
At night, Meredith, who is tired of
hiking and dealing with the two sisters,
plants a long kiss on Nick before taking
a sleeping pill and going to bed early.
Later after Nick goes to sleep, Annie and Hallie
drag an asleep Meredith with her inflatable air
bed into the lake. Meredith wakes up the next
morning in the middle of the lake by a bird.
She freaks out and falls into the water.
Meredith finally loses her patience and
angrily gives Nick an ultimatum to choose
between her or his daughters. Nick finally
realizes Meredith’s bad attitude and gets to know
that his daughters won’t be fine with her. Hence,
he chooses the girls over Meredith without
thinking much and breaks off the engagement.
Although Annie and Hallie are both punished
for their shenanigans, they accept it,
as they got rid of Meredith for good. Elizabeth
apologizes to Nick for inviting Meredith on the
trip and breaking their engagement.
Nick jokingly responds that he knows
that Elizabeth deliberately tricked Meredith
into going camping with Hallie and Annie.
Later that night, after putting the girls to
bed, Nick shows Elizabeth his wine collection.
It includes a 1983 wine that they drank at their
wedding. Elizabeth gets emotional but tries to put
on a strong face. Nick tells her that she doesn’t
always have to be brave. They get drawn to almost
kiss, but Elizabeth holds back. She is almost in
tears by the encounter but decides to ignore it. A
hesitant Nick then puts the wine back. Later, the
four of them are saying their emotional goodbyes
as they hug each other. Elizabeth then returns
to London with Annie as the rain pours down.
Annie is dejected after being separated
from her sister and father again. However,
when Annie and Elizabeth get home, they
find Hallie and Nick waiting for them.
Nick and Hallie flew to London on the Concorde,
which cuts travel time by half compared to general
passenger planes. They explain that they had
realized they didn't want to lose Annie and
Elizabeth again. Nick tells Elizabeth that he
made the mistake of not coming after her once,
and he is not going to make that mistake again.
Elizabeth is fearful of remarrying, but she yields
to Nick's unwavering confidence, and Hallie and
Annie look on happily as their parents embrace.
The ending shows Nick and Elizabeth
getting remarried aboard the QE2,
with the girls as bridesmaids.
Subscribe for more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave
a like to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.